docs/overview.md, before:

---
id: overview
title: Documentation Overview
sidebar_position: 2
---

# What is **AwesomeProject**?

**AwesomeProject** is a lightweight starter kit for building blazing‑fast, content‑driven sites with **React + Docusaurus 2**.
It ships with sensible defaults so you can focus on content—not configuration.

## Key features

| Feature             | Why it matters                                |
| ------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| **Instant MDX**     | Write pages in Markdown + JSX for full power. |
| **Dark‑mode ready** | Automatic light / dark theme toggle.          |
| **Algolia search**  | Zero‑config DocSearch integration.            |
| **Versioned docs**  | Keep multiple doc versions live side by side. |

## Tech stack

- **React 18** &mdash; UI layer
- **MDX 2** &mdash; Markdown + React components
- **TypeScript** (optional but recommended)
- **Tailwind CSS** (pre‑wired) for rapid styling

## Folder anatomy

awesome-project/
├─ docs/ → Documentation (this folder)
├─ src/pages/ → Static pages (landing, blog, etc.)
├─ docusaurus.config.js
└─ sidebars.js

Commit message:

Updated Project Documentation Overview.md
Project Documentation files are the markdown files that are not in the Handoff Documentation folder.

docs/overview.md, after:

---
id: overview
title: Documentation Overview
sidebar_position: 2
---

# What is the Avery's Helpful Hair Kits Scheduler?

The **Avery’s Helpful Hair Kits Scheduler** is a tool designed to streamline volunteer coordination. It allows volunteers to sign up and input their availability for future opportunities while giving the organizer an organized way to view and manage volunteer schedules.

## Key features

| Feature             | Why it matters                                |
| ------------------- | --------------------------------------------- |
| **Drag-and-Drop Scheduling**      | Volunteers and organizers can click and drag to select and confirm multiple time slots for volunteer events. |
| **Calendar Interface**            | Volunteers select available time slots. Organizers manage and view availability with color-coded time blocks.                    
* White: Available time slot.

* Gray: Full time slot (6 volunteers).

* Light Purple: Confirmed session.

* Dark Purple: Maximum capacity (6 volunteers) and confirmed.         |  


## Tech stack

**Frontend**
- **React** for UI components
- **React Router v7** for navigation
- styled-components for styling
- **Supabase** for authentication

**Backend**
- **Node.js** and **Express** for the server
- **PostgreSQL** (via Supabase) for database
- **ESLint** and **Prettier** for code formatting

**Development Tools**
- **Git** for version control
- **VS Code** as the recommended editor
- ESLint + Prettier for consistent code formatting

## Folder anatomy

Avery's Helpful Hair Kits/
├─ docs/ → Documentation (this folder)
├─ frontend/ 
├─ backend/
